it's such a good day to be in the city
cuz special guests are here look it's
genia me Mom this is Cheney and this is
basically Jeanne Jeanne Jeanne so
brother wasn't specific enough but this
is my mom and this is my grandma
and we're not going to get lost in the
subway for all here four years ago
they were
bring some shopping or the apartments
can i get my apartment in order this
weekend and on stone container store is
my list
our third and final sore tired okay time
for a burger
where you bring out of towners city
burgers you
guys guess what we just got an uber he's
a subscriber are you from Morocco I'm
from Morocco oh I did Yuri you're
convincing me I think I need to go to
Morocco yeah you sure you should
apologize Oh No subscribe for a
chocolate how fun is it that we hoovered
with a subscriber my be honest shopping
is not my favorite thing Jeanne doesn't
like shopping either you don't like
shopping don't we we do cheap jordan
girl also aren't a big fan of shopping
but we got london i scoop yeah we got a
nice coat will be good for those new
york winter's and stressed out for a
while about my apartment not getting an
order and I think we got the final
things to bring everything together yes
my brain and just my person is already
feeling so much better that
actually have everything very nice on my
desk and then my shelves were so close
to being completely done and I can
actually have people over and not be
like ashamed of my apartment stuff from
the bath and beyond came had it
delivered I just woke up from her nap I
feel drunk coffee it's like 5pm but I
need it got the goods I hope you're
having a great London it feels so good
to have some Texas here to have some
family Jeanie look what I got it's been
so long I'm so excited what good a stool
so my mom right now is showing me how to
use a stool it's kind of cool this is
the reason why I became obsessive
lacroix drinking too many of these every
now and then let's test the toaster got
a toaster which means Oh bread toast the
anticipation is killing me I failed it
toasting I am such a failure in life if
I can't even toast toast I mean it's
okay it's little taste it's a little a
little toasty but at least I know that
the toaster toast that's all I needed to
know
neurosci 50 Mimi said I we wants me me
like can I usually stay okay bye
India and Brittany again we're trying to
find ice cream or fro-yo